(somber music)
[Daewi] I don't even remember
why it happened anymore.
(Daewi and Seungtae
breathing heavily)
For some dumb reason or
another, he and I ...
(Daewi and Seungtae grunting)
Daewi Han!
Seungtae Woo!
[Daewi Voiceover] He and I
were constantly fighting.
[Seungtae] Damn it,
you kicked my ass.
(Seungtae laughs)
What the hell are
you laughing about?
Really?
Come on, man, you
seriously don't know?
[Daewi Voiceover] Why?
Why did you ...
(Seungtae retching)
(Seungtae panting)
(somber music)
(Seungtae retching)
(energetic electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ 'Til your walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ You're yes, then you're no ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
[Announcer] Who will
be the other fighter
advancing to the final round
of the God of High School
Seoul Preliminaries?
The Group B semi-final matchup,
TaeKwonDo user Mori Jin,
and Brazilian jujitsu
user Jaehee Byeun.
Your finishing move
on Manseok Kang,
hate to break it to you,
but those little kicks
won't work on me, Mori!
Now for the finishing touch.
(Jaehee gasps)
(Jaehee groans)
(explosion rumbles)
(announcer gasps)
KO!
Knock out!
Winner: Mori Jin!
What a display of
devastating strength!
The finals will feature
Mori Jin versus Daewi Han.
Which one of them will win
the chance of a lifetime?
The right to participate
in the national
God of High School tournament!
They say I can probably
go home tomorrow.
Pretty wild, huh?
I don't know anything about
these so-called nanomachines,
but they yelled at me for
not coming here to be treated
back when I got hurt.
I mean, I didn't think injuries
sustained outside the
tournament would be treated too.
Someone should have told me.
Don't get any dumb ideas.
He's not someone you can beat
if you're gonna
overthink everything.
Daewi beat me.
I lost because I
was the weaker one.
It's simple.
[Mori] But Mira, he hurt you.
[Mira] That's part of
what I'm talking about.
I need to strive to
win no matter what,
but I'm clearly still
not good enough yet.
But I just never thought
he'd be the type of guy
who'd fight like that.
That's unquestionably
a part of who he is.
The fists don't lie.
We ...
We don't know what
made him that way,
or much about him at all really.
His condition?
Well, unfortunately it
hasn't changed much,
though he did wake
up for a minute
and he actually said he
really wanted to see you.
-(ventilator hissing)
-(heart monitor beeping)
(footsteps tapping)
At last, ladies and
gentlemen, the time has come.
The final round of the
God of High School
Seoul preliminaries!
(crowd cheering)
First to enter the
arena is Mori Jin.
(crowd cheering)
And now we have Daewi Han.
Is today the day the
tiger cub awakens?
Fighters, take your positions.
Ready?
Go!
(tense electronic music)
(Mori grunting)
(Daewi groans)
(Mori grunts)
(Daewi grunting)
What an incredible start!
The match has barely begun
and neither fighter
is yielding an inch.
(Daewi grunting)
(Mori grunting)
(Daewi groans)
An even match?
No way.
There's still a
slight difference
in raw skill between them.
If this drags out, the
disadvantage one will be,
well, I'm sure he's well
aware of that fact himself.
(phone ringing)
Yes?
(crowd gasping)
(Daewi and Mori grunting)
(Mori coughing)
You're gonna pay for
how you hurt our friend.
(Mori breathing heavily)
(Daewi grunts)
Renewal TaeKwonDo:
Triple Kick!
(Daewi groans)
(Mori grunts)
(Daewi groaning)
(crowd gasping)
Get up.
Yeah, sorry,
but I've never thought
of you as my friends!
(Mori groans)
Secret Art: Form
of the Four Gods.
First Stance:
Black Tortoise!
I appreciate it,
Sumi, but you know,
I could carry that stuff myself.
No way.
You are not to lift a finger.
I'll take care of you until
you're all better, okay?
I'll go get your
discharge settled.
You girls wait for
me in the lobby.
Right!
This way, Mira.
(chuckles) It's this
way, silly goose.
Oh.
Make sure you follow
really close behind me
so you don't get lost, okay?
You got it.
This hospital is huge, you know.
(wristband beeping)
You don't want to get lost,
[Mira Voiceover] Interesting.
So there's someone
else in this hospital
who's undergoing
nanomachine treatment?
[Sumi] so I know exactly
where the lobby is.
-Huh.
-Mira?
Are you behind me?
Whoa, careful there.
Mm-hm, yep.
(doors whirring)
(Seungtae's sister crying)
Seungtae, no!
No, please wake up!
You still want to settle the
score with Daewi, don't you?
Seungtae!
(Seungtae's sister crying)
Form of the Four Gods.
First Stance:
Black Tortoise!
Second Stance:
Vermilion Bird!
[Mujin] I've heard
what your wish is.
If you win the national God
of High School tournament,
you want us to treat
your sick friend
using our nanomachine
technology.
Except it'll be too
late for him by then.
Third Stance:
White Tiger!
-(Daewi grunting)
-(Mori groaning)
Very well.
We will make a contract.
If you're able to achieve
victory in tomorrow's semifinals
and the finals following that,
which makes you the winner of
the Seoul preliminaries ...
(Daewi grunting)
(Mori groaning)
I'm still just warming up.
It's all over for you now.
Last Stance:
(Mori grunting)
Azure Dragon!
(explosion rumbling)
(Mori coughs)
[Announcer] Mori Jin is down!
(crowd cheering)
10, nine, eight, seven, six ...
I just heard that your friend,
Seungtae Woo, has
taken his final breath.
[Announcer] Three, two ...
And he's up!
(crowd gasping)
He managed to get
back to his feet
right before he was counted out.
(Mori panting)
(indistinct murmuring)
[Student A] It's Daewi Han.
I heard he beat the
shit out of the guys
from West Middle again.
[Student B] I heard he beat up
every one of their students.
[Student C] He's trouble, man.
Better steer clear of him.
Out of my way, dumbass!
Sorry, man, my bad.
(Seungtae sighs)
(Daewi breathing heavily)
Poor kid.
All your little
buddies turned chicken
and ran off with their
tails between their legs.
I guess that's the
best you can do.
Pretty sad if you ask me.
Why are you laughing?
I'll wipe that smile off your--
(punk groans)
(Daewi gasps)
Y-you?
I heard a rumor that
you busted in here
all by yourself to
try and save your pal.
Look at you being a
loyal friend and all.
You his buddy too?
We'll knock the shit
out of both of you then!
Yeah!
(somber music)
Ow. Geez, man.
In the end we sent them all
crying home to their mommies.
When you go tell your buddies,
they're not gonna believe it.
They're not my buddies.
Ah?
Soon as things stopped
going their way,
they're outta there.
So honestly, I just use them
when it's convenient for me too.
That's all it is.
Have some faith in them.
The more you trust and
believe in someone,
the more they'll trust you too.
Always.
(Daewi groaning)
[Announcer] Daewi Han is down!
10, nine, eight,
seven, six, five ...
Daewi Han's back to his feet.
Resume match!
(Mori grunting)
After using his
greatest secret art,
Daewi Han's now
the one on defense.
Is he gonna be able to get
his head back in this fight?
(Daewi and Mori grunting)
Renewal TaeKwonDo:
Round Kick!
[Mujin] His condition
was already touch and go
when we reached him.
They had started his
nanomachine treatment,
but it was too late.
Our contract is null and void.
Now you can do things
however you please.
The match isn't even over yet.
Why of all times did
you tell him now?
When a man is at his lowest,
you then see who he is
and what he's made of.
Is it me or is
Daewi not blocking?
If he's not gonna give
this thing his all
then he might as well just quit.
Daewi Han, you hang
in there, okay?
(Mori grunting)
[Daewi Voiceover] Yeah,
sorry, but I've never
(Mori grunts)
though of you
as my friends!
[Seungtae] Have
some faith in them.
(emotional music)
(Daewi chuckles)
[Daewi Voiceover]
I'm such an idiot.
Daewi Han, get
ahold of yourself!
(Daewi gasps)
What's the hell's
wrong with you?
You're so much
stronger than this,
or at least you were when
you were fighting me!
Mira?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What's going on?
Keep fighting, don't
stop the match!
Come on now, it's a fight!
Your friend requested
I give this to you.
Don't you want to win, Mori Jin?
Fight!
Go get him!
Get back to it!
-I'm not kidding,
-(Mori humming)
throw a kick or
something, Mori Jin!
Are you deaf or just crazy?
-I said fight!
-♪ La la la la ♪
-♪ I can't hear you ♪
-Fight!
Would you hold onto
it a little longer?
Fine, but don't tell him, okay?
If he knew the truth,
he'd stopped fighting.
You know that.
He's a real idiot.
Actually, you all are.
Resume match!
Well, finally.
This was worth waiting for.
Now, show me,
is this the end where you
fight back and become a tiger?
[Seungtae] I wanted to say this
to you in person,
but doesn't look
like I'll make it,
so I'm writing a letter.
I hear you're in some kind
of tournaments or something.
A guy with a scar on
his forehead came by,
tried some new kind
of treatment on me,
although it looks
like it was too late.
But you know what?
I'm happy.
I have an incredible friend
who's putting his life on
the line to fight for me.
So honestly, I have no regrets
and I want the same for you.
You don't have to do this
stuff for my sake anymore.
So if you're gonna keep
fighting, fight for yourself.
(Mori and Daewi grunting)
Dude, that was so awesome!
Right back at ya!
(Mori grunting)
(Mori laughs)
(Daewi gasps)
(Daewi laughs)
(Daewi grunting)
Triple Kick!
Black Tortoise:
Stage Three!
(Mori grunts)
Reverse Azure Dragon!
(Mori laughs)
You really are the best.
I'm impressed.
Now I finally understand.
Mori Jin Original:
Blue Dragon kick!
(explosion rumbling)
(Mujin chuckles)
We have two tiger cubs, huh?
(Daewi groans)
[Announcer] Daewi Han's down!
He has zero hit points left.
The winner of the God of High
School Seoul preliminaries is
Mori Jin!
(crowd cheering)
I did everything
I could, you know?
Once I've given all I have,
then I can admit
defeat like a man.
No shame there.
And you won, so at least
crack a little smile,
would you, man?
If I smiled, would that help?
(Seungtae laughs)
Come on!
(tender music)
Can't you tell?
Now you and I are friends.
(Daewi chuckles)
All right, I give up.
There's no beating
you idiots, is there?
(crowd cheering)
I'm not losing next time.
Hold your horses there.
You got to fight me first,
and there's no way I'm losing.
Huh?
Keep dreaming, you monkey.
You're the one who should
keep dreaming, Queen Kong.
[Mira] Who you
calling Queen Kong?
[Mori] You obviously.
[Mira] That's rich,
coming from a monkey.
[Mori] Okay, Queen Kong.
[Daewi] Seriously,
you're both idiots.
(Taek chuckles)
So that's the best
Seoul has to offer?
I'm already bored to tears.
And so, the Seoul preliminaries
of the God of High School
come to an astonishing close.
What a match!
(mellow hip-hop music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach you,
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ We lift us up high, we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la la ♪
[Seungtae Voiceover]
P.S., since we both know
you're super awkward,
I'm assuming I'm the one
friend you got, right?
That's the only thing
I'm worried about.
(Seungtae laughs)
Later, buddy.
(cabinet door creaks)